docs(cli/installation): add additional info (#4409)
hasura/graphql-engine: docs/graphql/manual/hasura-cli/install-hasura-cli.rst

-------------------

Hasura CLI is available as an npm package that is independently maintained by some members of the community.
It can be beneficial to use the npm package if you want a version-fixed cli dedicated to your node.js project.

> You can find usage details(e.g. script flag tips) in  the `original repository <https://github.com/jjangga0214/hasura-cli>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find usage details (e.g. flag information) in  the `original repository <https://github.com/jjangga0214/hasura-cli>`_.
```
